docs: use Ulwazi theme in starter pack v1.4.1 (#520)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: docs/how-to/use-ulwazi-theme.md

]
```

```{note}
The "extensions" list shown here is only a partial list.
The Sphinx starter pack may require additional extensions beyond those listed here.
```

### 2.3 Extract top-level variables for `html_context`

Before the "html_context" dictionary, add three new top-level variables.
These are referenced inside "html_context" and make it easier for users to configure the most commonly changed values in one place.

Add the following block immediately before `html_context = {`:

```python
# TODO: Adjust to point to the repository where your documentation source files
# are stored.

github_repo = "https://github.com/your-org/your-repo"

# TODO: Select the default syntax for docs source files.
# This is for a fallback view/edit source code buttons.

default_source_extension = ".md"

# TODO: Change to your product website URL,
#       dropping the 'https://' prefix, e.g. 'ubuntu.com/lxd'.

product_page = "your-product.example.com"
```

Replace the placeholder values with your actual repository URL, file extension (`.md` or `.rst`), and product page URL.

### 2.4 Update `html_context`

You will need to make several updates to the "html_context" dictionary.

```{seealso}

> For the full diff of a real migration, see the [Charmed Apache Kafka PR](https://github.com/canonical/kafka-operator/pull/444/files#diff-85933aa74a2d66c3e4dcdf7a9ad8397f5a7971080d34ef1108296a7c6b69e7e3).

Reviewer: Suggestion: Minor wording improvement.

```suggestion
For example, see the [Charmed Apache Kafka Ulwazi PR](https://github.com/canonical/kafka-operator/pull/444/files#diff-85933aa74a2d66c3e4dcdf7a9ad8397f5a7971080d34ef1108296a7c6b69e7e3).
```

```

#### Use the new top-level variables

Replace the {spellexception}`hardcoded` strings with the variables you defined in step 2.3:

```python
html_context = {
    "product_page": product_page,      # was: "your-product.example.com"

>     ...

Reviewer: Question: These triple dots look awful to me. I think they create a bad UX for anyone following these instructions. Maybe we can figure out how to get rid of them? The best idea I have so far is to split this into three separate blocks.

    "github_url": github_repo,         # was: "https://github.com/your-org/your-repo"
    ...
    "license": {
        "name": "Apache-2.0",          # TODO: set your license
        "url": github_repo + "/blob/main/LICENSE",
    },
    ...
}
```

#### Add `project` and `author` inheritance

Add these entries so the theme can display the project name and author without duplicating them:

```python
    "project": project,
    "author": author,
```

#### Add feedback, source extension, and default URL entries

> Add the following entries inside "html_context":

Reviewer: Question: We usually provide some context in these introductory sentences. Should we move the explanation here from after the code?

Author: can do

```python
    "feedback": True,
    "github_issues": "enabled",
    "default_source_extension": default_source_extension,
    "default_edit_url": github_repo + "/edit/main/docs/index" + default_source_extension,
    "default_view_url": github_repo + "/blob/main/docs/index" + default_source_extension,
```

`default_edit_url` and `default_view_url` serve as fallback URLs for the view/edit source buttons on pages that do not have a specific source file path set.

#### Add navigation menu entries

Add the horizontal navigation menu configuration:

```python
    # Horizontal Nav Menu
    "company": "Canonical",
    # "link1_URL": "https://example.com/",
    # "link1_name": "First optional link",
    # "link2_URL": "https://example.com/",
    # "link2_name": "Second optional link",
```

> Uncomment and fill in "link1" and "link2" if you want links in the top navigation bar.

Reviewer: Praise: Good idea to have this description.

Suggestion: Improve wording.

```suggestion
Uncomment and adjust the parameters for "link1" and "link2" if you want to add the links in the top navigation bar.
```

    "sphinxcontrib.jquery",
]
```

```{note}
The "extensions" list shown here is only a partial list.
Your documentation may require additional extensions beyond those listed here.
```

### 2.3 Extract top-level variables for `html_context`

Before the "html_context" dictionary, add three new top-level variables.
These are referenced inside "html_context" and make it easier for users to configure the most commonly changed values in one place.

Add the following block immediately before `html_context = {`:

```python
# TODO: Adjust to point to the repository where your documentation source files
# are stored.

github_repo = "https://github.com/your-org/your-repo"

# TODO: Select the default syntax for docs source files.
# This is for a fallback view/edit source code buttons.

default_source_extension = ".md"

# TODO: Change to your product website URL,
#       dropping the 'https://' prefix, e.g. 'ubuntu.com/lxd'.

product_page = "your-product.example.com"
```

Replace the placeholder values with your actual repository URL, file extension (`.md` or `.rst`), and product page URL.

### 2.4 Update `html_context`

You will need to make several updates to the "html_context" dictionary.

> ```{note}

Author: I added this note instead of using the three dots.
And i added 'html_context' to surround the code.

Would this work?

CC @AshleyCliff
